
# Meeting Notes – [4_14_26]
**Josh Garbi**
#### **Git-visible accomplishments since last meeting (include time):**

| 6 Hours Total |
- setup Ubuntu VM to test UI (1 hour)
- fixed screen override issues (see below for details) (2 hours)
- read PI4 documentation and RP-008247 Notes (1 hours)
- assembled screen hat and PI board (1 hour)
- resolved package conflicts and started a bash install script for display drivers and middleware (1 hour)

### **Merged:**
- N/A
### **Unmerged:**
- feature/passwords (new packages and shell scripts)

- **Work in progress since last meeting not yet on Git (include time):**
    -
- IMPORTANT: 
- Client says code level password exploits don't need to be accounted for but it might be nice if there was an easy way to protect id, password creation in the tkinterface logic.
    - ex: ui prompts for password, checks against stored id. if keyring id pass is changed then a user could run the script to get in with a new password. 
    - I may want to implement this anyway.

- **Things I need:**
    Might want a housing for the kiosk at some point

### **NOTES**
Previously for prompt/settings windows I would creat a new display on top of the existing render in tk. Xwayland does not know how to handle the windows this method like Windos OS does. The solution was to have tk redraw the same window instead of creating a new one. This also solves a bug where additional windows would stay on top when the application was minimized (not a problem in kiosk environment). 

Additionally, AI helped solve some backend bugs with the frequency of checking passwords in keyring. some backend methods were starving compute during runtime. 
